When will you be completely paralyzed?
When you can't get out of bed
I hope you can remember today
There are some people.
You can't afford to offend for the rest of your life
This sentence is also for you.
Some people you can't afford to mess with in your life
Uncle, you are finally here.
They are all bullying Zhenzhen
I'm sorry, Zhenzhen.
I went a little far just now
Who did I think?
It turned out to be the useless father of this dead cripple
Why are you here now to show your fatherly love?
Where did the evil dog dare to waste here?
And you just let you go at the dealership
Why did you run here again in a blink of an eye?
You won't be so lucky this time
Don't think that there are demons covering you
You can be arrogant
Do you know who they are?
Oh.
Who is it? My uncle is the president of the Xuanwu Association
How dare you hit me?
You really ate the gall of an ambitious leopard
Xuanwu Association is right
My father, Hong Daying, is the president of the Vermilion Bird Society
Golden Dragon White Tiger Vermilion Bird Xuanwu
The four factions will pay tribute to him
Even the Tiger King has to respect three points
You hit the nephew of the president of the Xuanwu Association
What about your daughter?
Impersonating the daughter of the president of the Suzaku Club
Robbed his birthday party
You three
It's all over.
Even the demons can't save you
Hmm wait a minute